[Music]
Hello friends of the channel today I'm here
to tell you some news from yesterday on
Sálvame and that the former contestant of Big
Brother Bea the Legionnaire who I don't know if you
remembered her was one of the
most controversial contestants that has been
on the program but not only
controversial while she was on the
program it is that then she continues to be very very
very controversial on the sets
what happens is clear you know the thing about
Big Brother has an
expiration date and it's very difficult I think that
in total if we started
counting like this I'll say it roughly between 200
and 300 people have been contestants on
'Big Brother' the one from anonymous no then not
everyone can stay on TV to
work everyone is not famous
a bargain kiko hernández
marta lópez got it but very few very few
worth 5% the best of those who go through
the contest can end up living that what
happens is that once someone goes
through the program it also closes you
doors okay for example this
contestant in particular
bea the legionnaire has been commenting
because she obviously can't dedicate herself
to the civil guard or something like that
after having been on the
daily programs I don't know if this is
true or not actually make me put the
comment box if you have any
acquaintances or any experience or something
similar because I don't know how it affects having
worked in television in
the world of entertainment gossip
or whatever so that you can then
do a job well but I imagine
that there will be professions and places
where after having participated in
this circus in quotes to call it
somehow they don't want to hire you the
thing is that the woman right now
is in a very very very delicate situation in which she is
not
able to pay her rent in which she has been
living for many years she is in
court with the owners of the
house can it remain as normal
because she has not paid her I don't know how many
months she owes almost three thousand euros and well I
knew there would be a huge rebound with those of
sálvame because sálvame has put on the
sign
me here  honestly let's see I understand what
you call a delicate situation but if you
're lending yourself to the program to charge something
no obviously of course not
to earn a little money whatever you know how they work in the program you know that in the program they exaggerate things they don't take the words a bit of a joke that yes it is true that the word occupies literally means something else an occupant is a person who enters your home without
permission and even hooks up the light in
altza whatever you know it's not the same what
happens to her is that she had a
problem that she had a
delicate situation also added the cob thing and
apparently she had working in a place will
pay her a severance pay so it's not
a fault of course she would be a
loving person who owes money no besides she
says that as soon as she has an
income she will pay it what happens is that she
is collecting an aid of 450 euros
and that is the same as the rent how do they do it let's
see also you have to
tell us the situation of the people who
are owners of the apartment because it is always
believed that when
or a person is the owner of a
rental apartment
that they are very rich that they have a lot of money and
can it be allowed that
people like that don't get paid, I mean, there are people who have
made an investment and have an apartment
or a white squid and the apartment is an inheritance and they
need the money that Schalke gives them
to live and they put it in there with a
person who doesn't pay them and it's also a
shame to lie you have to understand both
sides and but well that gets a
tremendous rebound by those of sálvame I think that
Nuria takes it a little bit as a joke
that she doesn't care about the rebound and the right
that says look I'll keep calling you a pain
until you pay I'll keep calling you
guilty because it was a person who is
there putting in money and well nothing I wish her
from here that her situation recovers soon
that she finds a job and
that she can solve the problem okay what do you
think of you leave me a bligh
leave me a comment
thanks for passing the 30 thousand
subscribers in less than a month it's
literally I think it's been like two
weeks I send you a big hug and I'll
see you in the next video
[Music]